Recently, the
registration threshold for TikTok US stores has been significantly lowered, and the
overall daily GMV of these stores has repeatedly reached new highs. It is expected that by the end of
this year and into next year,
TikTok will open
applications to more European and American countries, such as Spain.
However, many people are still unclear about the
specific registration methods for US stores.
So, in this video,
I will explain in detail the
various store types,
current registration requirements,
thresholds, and practical demonstrations of the specific store process. At
the end of the video, I will also attach a
super detailed version of the
TikTok store operation guide and resource package compiled by our team.
Don't miss it!
Okay, here,
I have summarized a
mind map for TikTok store beginners.
You can follow my steps
to understand
how to apply for and join a US store.
First, we need to understand the
different store types in the US.
Currently,
US stores can be broadly divided into
cross-border stores and local stores.
Cross-border stores are generally open to
mainland Chinese companies
or Hong Kong companies.
However, each cross-border store
needs to pay a $500 deposit. The
entry threshold for cross-border stores is
shown here...
It requires
you to first have a company license, and
secondly,
you need
some experience operating other e-commerce platforms,
such as Amazon's US site,
eBay/Walmart's US site, or
a DTC independent site in the US market.
Long-time
followers of mine may already be operating several
independent sites, so
you can use your independent site to apply and join. But what
if you don't have the
qualifications for these e-commerce platforms?
Actually, you
can also solve this through a service provider. I
also welcome serious and
reliable service providers to contact me,
and I can recommend some.
Okay, besides cross-border stores,
we also have another type of store, which
is the US domestic store. The
US domestic store
can be divided into two types:
one is the US-owned store,
and the other is called the ACCU store.
The ACCU store means a US domestic store owned by a Chinese-funded American company.
Generally speaking, a
normal US domestic store is
divided into individual stores and corporate stores.
The individual store, as the name suggests, is for US individuals.
US local individuals
can apply and join with their passport, driver's
license, SSN number,
or ITIN number.
The corporate store...
Besides needing an SSN
or ITIN,
you also need a US company. You apply and register
through this US company's qualifications. The main
difference between these two
is the order limit
in the initial "newbie zone."
Secondly, there's the ACCU store, which stands for
Chinese-owned US enterprise
store. This means
you can register a US company as a Chinese citizen and
apply to open a US store. Specifically,
you need a US entity with
at least 25% Chinese legal representative.
You also need to have
inventory in the US and
proof of operation from a third-party e-commerce platform.
This proof is similar to the
application materials for cross-border stores.
Some might ask about the
operational differences between
cross-border and domestic stores. There
are two main differences.
First, the organic traffic of the marketplace.
Based on our own experience and
feedback from others, the
organic traffic of US domestic stores is generally
greater than that of
cross-border stores.
Secondly, there's the official shipping subsidy,
which is a higher percentage for local stores than for
cross-border stores.
Besides the
application materials for different stores I just mentioned, a mandatory requirement for all
US small stores is
having
a source of goods in the US.
Whether you use someone else's warehouse, ship directly,
or use any other shipping method,
your logistics must originate
from within the US.
For example,
some people
previously used virtual warehouses
for shipping, but this will
definitely be penalized by the platform.
Since I've already posted about the
registration process for US local stores,
today we'll use cross-border stores as an
example to explain the
preparation materials and specific onboarding process for opening a TikTok store. For
US cross-border stores,
firstly,
we need a business license from a mainland China company
or a Hong Kong company.
Secondly,
you need the
legal representative's ID corresponding to the company's business license. Thirdly, you
need a
unique mobile phone number
or email address.
This is because some people
may have already applied for other...
If you've already applied for another TikTok shop, it's not appropriate to use the
same phone number and email address
to apply again. The
fifth point, as mentioned earlier, is that
you need proof of a third-party e-commerce platform
or independent website store. There are
two ways to solve this: one is to
solve it yourself, and the
other is to find a service provider.
Generally, that's the approach.
I'd also like to briefly mention
that many people might be hesitant at this point, but
don't overcomplicate it.
Currently,
because we're approaching Q4,
platforms are relatively lenient with store onboarding reviews, at
least for cross-border stores. Don't let
this requirement
create a negative impression; it's
unnecessary. The
fifth point is that
you need a
warehouse address in the US for shipping and returns. Regarding
this warehouse address,
we need to pay attention.
When small shops in the US ship goods, they
usually
either ship the products themselves
by sea
to the US
and then ship them from an overseas warehouse there.
Another method...
We can directly find
some sellers in the US who have stockpiled goods and
have local inventory.
We can then ship through their inventory.
Here, we need to be careful to
avoid using warehouse addresses that have been abused.
I've heard feedback from users that using
such addresses could
lead to your
account being banned by TikTok.
Okay, now that we understand the application materials for a
TikTok US cross-border store,
we can
officially begin the application process. The
application process is
actually quite simple, with only
5 steps. The
first step is to register an account
on the official TikTok
cross-border store website.
Remember, it's the official cross-border store website,
not the local store website; the
URLs are different. The
second step is to
select North America and the United States as the countries you wish to sell to, and
then choose either
Mainland China or Hong Kong as the entity. The
third step is to
submit some certification materials,
such as your business license,
your legal representative's ID card, and other third-party certifications.  The
fourth step
is to fill in some basic information about your store,
such as your store name
and main product category. The
last step is to wait for approval. The
entire onboarding process
is very simple.
Let's demonstrate it in practice.
First, we go to the
official website of TikTok US cross-border store.
We enter
our mobile phone number, email address,
and password.
Then we click "Sign up"
to register an account.
Then we can enter the
specific onboarding application process.
Here,
we first need to select
a specific market.
We can choose North America
and then the United States. For the
onboarding method,
we fill in "
normal onboarding". For the
company's location,
we fill in Mainland China.
Then we click "Continue". The
next step
is to submit some qualification certifications. For
qualification certification,
we first need to upload
our company's business license.
Then we click "Add Document".
After clicking "Add Document", the
company name
and business license number will be automatically displayed.
Then
we can fill in the
specific company registration address.
The company registration address
must be consistent with the registration address on your business license.
Then we fill in the registration date
and the validity period of the business license.
Everything must match your business license. There's also
a small option here where you
need to fill in
whether your company has an ultimate beneficial owner.
We
'll select "yes" here.
Next, we need to
verify the legal representative's information. There
are three ways to verify this:
you can upload your mainland ID card,
a Hong Kong resident ID card,
or your passport.
We'll upload your ID card here.
After uploading your ID card,
we need to fill in the English name of
our legal representative (which
is actually the pinyin).
Write the pinyin down, and confirm the
validity period
and document number are correct.
Then we can move on to the next step. The
next step
requires providing
proof of operation from a third-party e-commerce platform. There are
roughly three types of proof of operation:
eBay/Walmart,
Amazon, and
independent websites.
We'll choose and submit according to your
own situation.
Later,
I will also attach a specific example of a store operation certificate
to this video
or put it in our information package, which
you can get yourself. The
third step
is...  You'll
need to provide some basic information about your store.
First, you need to enter a
unique English name for your store.
You can use any name you like.
Then, you need to choose a main category. It's important to
note that
when choosing a main category, it's
best to choose the category you actually want to operate in.
If you choose a main category and then
want to change it later, you
might not have many opportunities to do so.
So please pay attention to this.
Okay, once everything is ready,
you can click "Submit." You'll
see that
your application
is under review.
Generally, the
review speed is quite fast.
In my actual demonstration,
our application was
approved very quickly, in about
one or
two hours.
Okay,
after completing the TikTok US cross-border store registration,
another very important point
is the store's payment method.
This varies
depending on your store type.
For cross-border stores,
you can
fill in
a bank account from your mainland China or Hong Kong company.
Besides this company bank account,
you can also fill in...
Our
accounts include Wanlihui, Payoneer,
PingPong, and other
third-party currency exchange tools.
If you register a US-based store, you'll
need to fill in
a US bank account.
Regarding category selection, there's
a difference:
cross-border stores
need to specify
their main category, while US-based
stores
can upload products from different categories within the same store.
This lack of category restrictions is a significant advantage
for product testing.
Once our store application is completed
and approved,
we can familiarize ourselves with
the TikTok store backend.
Upon entering the backend, we'll see a
beginner's guide to setting up the store.
We simply need to follow this guide
step-by-step. The first step is to
pay a deposit of
approximately $500, which
can be paid via company transfer
or Alipay.
To make a payment, it's
convenient to
simply scan the QR code with Alipay. It's
very simple. The
second step is to
add
your tax information.
Filling in the tax information is
also very simple.
We just need to fill in,
for example, our company name, the type of
beneficial owner of our company, and the
permanent residential address, which is simply the
English version of our company address.
It will also ask if your income is actually related to
trade or business with the United States. There
is a note below
that if you do not have a company address in the United States
and your income
may
not be actually related to trade or business with the United States, then
fill in "No" and check the
two boxes below.
Then click "Submit".
Next, we go to the settings for the
shipping and return warehouse addresses. Here, you
can fill in the address of your overseas warehouse
or the
warehouse address of the pallet you use.
After filling in the warehouse address,
you can add your products
and bind your
official TikTok account. A little note about binding the official TikTok account
is that this account must be registered in the United States
and have passed real-name authentication.
Then, in the left sidebar...  The
main structure of a TikTok shop
is as follows: First, there's product management.
Here, we can
create and add products.
Then, in the orders section, we can
manage and fulfill orders.
Next, in the shipping section,
we can manage
our shipping methods,
such as the
type of shipping
we use (e.g., self-shipping). The
marketing center is
mainly for
participating in marketing activities
and using discount tools,
such as promotional tools like
flash sales
or coupons. The
shop page tools allow
us to view
our shop preview.
In the assets section,
we can see
our security deposit
and payment status. In the
app and services market,
we can add TikTok
shop-related ecosystem plugins,
such as an
ERP management software to
manage orders. There's also
a shop advertising section where
we can
run ads,
or we can redirect to the TikTok Business Center
and TikTok Ads Manager
to run ads.
Shopping videos are also available.  It
's basically a video of us linking shared bikes to TikTok. The
interesting thing here is that
we can see
other people doing this video very well, so we can
learn from and imitate them. There
's also a growth center where
we can participate in
official tasks and tasks.
Completing these tasks
will earn us
official support
and small benefits.
My account is where we
manage our data and accounts,
including our linked TikTok account
and other global markets.
Besides the store operation sections, the
most important part
is probably the account diagnostics.
This is divided into
store diagnostics
and store experience score.
Store diagnostics
mainly relates to your store's
violation records
and related issues,
so you must
avoid violations here. The
store experience score
is your store's
overall experience score, and
it has its own calculation formula.
We can
see the
specific calculation formula on this page. It mainly depends on
product
satisfaction, fulfillment and
logistics,
and customer service satisfaction.
One important point to note here is the
significant difference between TikTok Shops and independent websites. This is the system
regarding store violation diagnosis
and experience score.
Opening a store on the platform means you'll
be subject to
very strict platform control.
You must comply with all platform rules
and strive to achieve high ratings and sales.
Maintaining a consistently high experience score
will earn you a "Star Store" badge. These
badges and improved sales ratings all
contribute to
increased conversion rates.
Okay, now that you understand the
specific application
requirements and process for TikTok Shops in the US,
and the
basic operational functions of the TikTok Shop backend, you should have a
deeper understanding of TikTok Shop operations.
You can use this tutorial to try applying
and operating your own TikTok Shop.
If you achieve any success,
don't forget to
tag me on WeChat
and share your achievements and joy!  Let
me add a few more points here
regarding
why we should pay attention to TikTok's US stores
and
what opportunities and potential they hold for the future.
Firstly, we can already see that
TikTok's GMV in the US and Southeast Asia is
constantly increasing, with rapid growth
every quarter or
two.
Secondly,
according to official TikTok information
and other media reports,
TikTok will be launching its own stores in many different countries by the end of this year and into next year.
For example, it might launch in Spain by the end of this year or next year.
Thirdly,
in my own community, there have been
sellers with monthly GMV exceeding $100,000. It's
crucial to understand GMV,
a point raised in many of my previous videos by viewers:
don't be overly obsessed with GMV. You need to demystify GMV.
For e-commerce, the
net profit margin from GMV is
generally between 10-40%,
depending on your product selection
and traffic strategy.
For example, whether you participate in traffic generation, etc.
Because every time I
mention GMV
or revenue figures in my videos, some
viewers always argue, saying, "
Why don't you mention the specific profit?"
So I want to emphasize here that
everyone must
remember that
GMV is not equal to revenue or
profit.
If you are interested in operating a
TikTok store or want to apply for and operate one,
I've
prepared a
super detailed TikTok store operation guide
and corresponding resource package. It
includes the TikTok store opening process,
various traffic generation strategies,
and specific practical SOPs.
If you're interested, you
can scan the QR code on the screen
or click the link in the description below my video to
add me on WeChat and
reply with "666" to receive it.
Okay, if you liked today's content,
don't forget to give this video a thumbs up!
If you have any questions, feel
free to discuss them in the comments section.
See you next time, bye!